Update influxctl install and setup instructions (#4893)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/_index.md

- InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated account ID
- InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated cluster ID

Use the [`influxctl init` command](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/init)
to start an interactive prompt that creates and stores the required credentials
as a **connection profile**.

```sh
influxctl init
```

### Connection profile store location

> The `influxctl` CLI store connection profiles in a `config.toml` at a specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `influxctl` CLI stores connection profiles in a `config.toml` file at a specific
```
